Initial commit for cel-example repo (#3)
elastic/cel-examples: FAQs/how_to.md

# FAQ

### What is the relationship between Google CEL and Elastic CEL?
The Elastic mito project https://github.com/elastic/mito extends 
Google CEL with more extensions including those that that support HTTP requests.
Written in go, mito uses https://github.com/google/cel-go libraries.
Every function in cel-go is available in mito. Filebeat does not include the
send() function from the cel-go library.
Each version of mito is built on a specific version of cel-go. Each version of
filebeat, which runs the mito library is bound to a specific version of mito.
As cel-go evolves, mito evolves as well. To get the latest mito version 
available for CEL input, use the latest version of filebeat or the latest
available agent. The go.mod file
for the beats version you are using will have the version of mito that filebeat
was built with. https://github.com/elastic/beats/blob/main/go.mod

Documentation for the mito CEL extensions available in Filebeat can be found here
https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/beats/filebeat/filebeat-input-CEL .
Documentation for Google CEL can be found here 
https://github.com/google/CEL-spec/blob/master/doc/langdef.md

> ### What is the relationship between mito, CEL scripts and filebeat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What is the relationship between mito, CEL programs and Filebeat.
```

> The CEL program is a script that is run by filebeat using the mito library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CEL programs are run by Filebeat using the cel-go CEL implementation and the mito extension library.
```

> Filebeat will keep running (invoking or evaluating) the CEL script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filebeat will keep running (invoking or evaluating) the CEL program
```

Author: fixed

until the state variable 'want_more' is false. The evaluation of 'want_more' 

> occurs outside the CEL script and outside mito. Using mito to run the CEL script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
occurs outside the CEL program and outside mito. Using mito to run the CEL program
```

> is equivalent to running a single invocation (evaluation) of the CEL script by
> filebeat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is equivalent to running a single invocation (evaluation) of the CEL program by
Filebeat.
```

Author: fixed

### Why are url, api_key not available in the second periodic run?

> url and api keys are set in the state object on the initial run of the program.

Reviewer: This is not correct, `url`, is replaced if it is missing.

The state on the next periodic run is the state that was returned from the 
previous periodic run. If the returned object is not derived from the state 
object using the state.with() syntax, the state object will contain only what
was returned. There are two ways to handle this:
1. Wrap the program with state.with() so every object returned has all the state
variables.
2. Explicitly set the variables that you want to be available in the next
periodic run.

### Why is CEL preferred over HTTPJSON?
CEL is the preferred input method as HTTPJSON is planned to be phased out in
favor on CEL. The reasons for this are:
1.CEL allows for more complex logic and transformations on data, both in 
requests and responses, compared to the more limited capabilities of the 
HTTPJSON input.
2. CEL provides a more programmatic and expressive way to interact with APIs 
and process data, leading to a better development workflow for custom 
integrations.
3. CEL is easier to debug than HTTPJSON.

### Real-world examples?

> https://github.com/elastic/integrations.packages has over 150 integrations, many

Reviewer: This is a broken link.

Author: fixed
